I've been in CS ever since 2008 and it's 2016, so about eight years and
I wouldn't say I'm really perfect at it. I think to be one of the,
to make a high salary in computer science you have to be really good
at it, that's hands down. If you're just kinda average then you'll
make an average salary so, but having a really good job is on the top
of every computer scientist's mind, but not everybody is so great
at it. So me I'm in Japan, I'm studying a lot I open books and watch
online tutorials to try to get to that point. If I don't get to that
point, then maybe I would try to do something similar to computer
science, but maybe not specifically on, there's web designing, there's
Electrician's Mate, there are lots of jobs that like, for instance
a director. Those could be jobs. So I think if other people, if other
computer scientists are like me, then I guess they might become
discouraged because the job that they're trying to do is difficult,
and it's hard to learn those difficult things.